I just saw an Instagram video of Deb giving a talk on digital consumption. I cannot wait to see what you’re about to consume

Eat shit yourself

@Ethan Pickering You’re probably thinking, why the fuck am I contributing to a coffee shop’s carbon footprint? I’m saving money on brewing, packaging, shipping, and all the other stuff I’ll need over the next 3 months

I agree that this is a very important step forward for our country, but I'm not convinced it can truly be called a plan. It's just not the case at the moment. There's a lot of untapped potential in our country, but it needs to be seen as a whole, not as a single actor. That means recognizing that we have many important issues to work on, and that we have work to do. This is a time when we have much more to offer the world than just another serving President. We have a new chapter in American government, and we need to be more than just two more years removed from electing a president who violently assaulted our Indigenous people. Let us make America great again!

Deb needs to go to a hospital

Go home, Jacques. You're not welcome here. Our rules state that anyone above the age of 21 is strictly forbidden from working in the Spring/Summer of '15. The entire premise of this program is that you and your closest circle-in-law, with no connections to any of the other frat-bros, and with the entire fraternity at stake, this is a big moral dilemma that needs to be resolved diplomatically. I call on all of my fellow frat-bros to collectively head to the airport at 1:30pm to get coffee before heading to the lab. Thanks to everyone at the lab for sticking with us, straight shooting this imposter a job well done!

Fuck Illinois

Car theft is on me

State and local laws really don’t apply to Uber and Lyft

Dalton is too liberal

Also, if you don’t tune in this Sunday, be sure to tune into the Beta Beta Wednesday from 6-10pm at the far end of the building (just a stop for)=(jimmy griffith and I), as well as other premier progressive house acts. The Easton Theater on Tuesday is one of the best

$10 gift card will enable us to receive any Dez Bryant jersey we want, no questions asked.

Created new poll 'Founder:': https://s.groupme.com/fkTmRTzE

This is the moment Bill Clinton and I squared off in the company of the g room

Ok boom boom

Gopher is a fucking legend

Ben Garcia has been fantastic this semester. He’s the epitome of a frat boy

Found my ex girlfriend, Deb

Hey @Nick Gionet you’re not welcome here. I will damage all your data and your channel capacity. I will drain you of all your life. You will bleed to a crisp.

Pregame for tomorrow’s event is @Joel Dysthe

I’m from Kansas City, MO

So my question is, do you give a flying fuck

Reminder: “we’re gonna knock down the food critic class'

Created new poll 'Is it really so funny to be a human being and then have to eat feces?'

Who the hell is Peter Gontarski?

Deb making out w a big booty print pussy w this sexy lingerie show going up on Christmas morning

I’m pretty quick with a bimbo but an erection is enough

Eating noodles at the beach feels like an act of sexual assault against a teenage boy

I prefer Slack

I’d follow @Matthew Berns on Twitter

Fuck.

Carter, good fucking job.

Huge shout out to the original @Matthew Berns for being such a jerk

I'm the second coming of David Bock

Mock the Homeless. Mock the Poor.

Beta is alright. Most of the time you have a bunch of guys who have done remarkably good stuff

*Ethan Dorn has been diagnosed as one of the parkinson’s for tomorrow*

I like when beta chats are near empty so we can chat more freely @Sujeet Kohli

The Beta Male renaissance is on. And I mean every single one of you is ready to welcome in the new girl students

No spoilers in GroupMe, but there will be spoilers in the Slack

The second round of the NFL draft is on and it's time to take a deep breath and think about what we can do for our chapter here at Ohio State University.

The fact is, this fraternity is meant to be.

For those of you who aren't around, here's what this fraternity is all about: giving back to be able to count on you every day. That means giving back to the university, your school, and to yourself. I'm talking about your lifestyle, my time with it – my dog. Give it a try and tell him/her you love them.

Butt fuckingus

Stephen Colbert called me a n-word

@TJ Botten Thank you for everything you do for our Class. You’re an amazing human being. Thank you so much for everything you do for our Class. You did an amazing job. Anarchy reigns

Happy 100th birthday to @Nick Gionet! Congrats on your successful recruitment!

Hey gents, I’m having trouble getting the door in my living room crekitated. I need some extra dick

Alright let’s talk about dead people

Why do so many young black men drop out of college? because they have parents that are ashamed

Why do so many young Hispanic men drop out of college? Because they’ve been forced to leave the country

Starting a hate group is bad. Calling them names is what is important.

Come on down to the basement and talk about Slack

Created new poll 'Most likely to be homeless and have a hard time finding a relationship'

Created new poll 'Most likely to have been abused as a child'

If you’re an American guy and want to pay $9.50 for dinner with your girlfriend, you’ve got a good chip on your shoulder.

Miles is such a dickish twat

This is honestly the worst poll I have ever seen

You said you have this dick
I want to see it
You also have a dick
Ok fucking white guy, you have a dick too.
*sigh*

From the moment our humble Beta Peter first saw the beauty of Beta Pi, we had an idea. We would create beautiful, premium, in-app purchasing experiences.

I like it when people who I like deeply disagree with toss around pleasantries

Can you imagine being a student in 2180 and having to explain the 2nd amendment to an officer on the street

@Dave Villarama Exotic dress for our gophers today. Really cute arsehole dress.

Created new poll 'Jimmy Vannurden'

@Sam Orth For The Marmalade, You Should Consider A PNM

I think someone has to kill David Bock, so I'm replying via email.

Created new poll 'Peter DeGroot Wanna Be Scorned'

I didn’t write that, Dave.

If you aren't sure what the social room is, you shouldn’t do this shit.

Created new poll 'Vail Baumer is:'

For many years now, I have been collecting anime data for my friends and family. Sometimes it's the data I like the most, and sometimes it's the weird data I don't like. As such, I present to you the Kaiage Collection, an amazing collection of data points that can be used to make your life easier.

Shut the fuck up, I know it hurts
